The Jailor's Report, Night .
I received and understood your orders to take R
 into custody. I can confirm that she spent the night safely locked up in my cell.%
Your humble servant, The Jailor Pony.
Jailor confirmed that 
 was in her cell all night.g
 into custody. However, there were circumstances that made it impossible for me to carry out this duty.
Apologies, The Jailor Pony.
Jailor role blocked.


Spellcaster ordered to attack 6
Spellcaster failed because it would have been suicide!'
Spellcaster reports success in killing 1
The Great & Powerful Spellcaster's Report, Night a
Sir, this afternoon I received secret orders instructing me to cast a kill hex upon a pony named a
Unfortunately circumstances prevented me from being able to carry out my instructions. Apologies.(
Yours, The Great & Powerful Spellcaster.
Spellcaster was roleblocked.%
Sir: Although I cast the kill hex on 1
 as ordered, I must report that it had no effect.
This would indicate that 
 is either immune to my magic or was protected somehow. Please also consider that magic is a difficult study and all spells have a small chance to simply fail, even from one as powerful as I.#
I hope you will forgive my failure.!
The Great & Powerful Spellcaster.6
Spellcaster reports that her kill hex was ineffective.
I will take this as a compliment to the brilliance of my incognito, for I am unable to comply with this order as it would be nothing less than suicide!v
As my identity is now revealed to you, my life is in your hooves. I trust you will take this responsibility seriously.!
Ever yours, The Great & Powerful (
Spellcaster revealed her identity to be a
Sir: This afternoon I recieved secret orders instructing me to cast a kill hex upon a pony named }
I may report that I have successfully carried out this mission. The kill hex took effect and the target was killed instantly.M
I trust in your judgement sir, and I am certain the morning will reveal that 
 was of evil intent./
Respectfully, The Great & Powerful Spellcaster.


Reporter ordered to snoop on '
Breaking News from The Reporter, Night <
Yesterday I was given secret orders to dish up some dirt on 7
. Having sifted through her garbage, I can report that 2
she appears to be a regular law-abiding Townspony.
Reporter reports 
 appears to be a townspony.4
I am certain she is a dirty Changeling of some kind!
 appears to be a Changeling.Y
I found tattered pieces of cutie marks, teeth and bloody clothing. She must be Pinkamena!
 appears to be Pinkamena.7
it was almost entirely made up of empty liquor bottles.
 appears to be the Town Drunk.
Some slimebag has tried to frame this pony as a Changeling! But I can tell you for a fact that it isn't so! This pony is innocent, you have to believe me!
Reporter claims 
 appears to have been framed.9
I hope this information is helpful to your investigation.
Intrepidly yours,
The Reporter. 
Breaking News from The Reporter!K
. However, I was prevented from doing this due to unexpected circumstances.
Many apologies,
Reporter was role blocked.


Gumshoe ordered to investigate  
The Gum-Horse-Shoe Files, Night 	
Hey Boss,0
So I got your orders and set out to investigate 
 just like you wanted.x
Seems she likes dishing out orders and has combat experience. She could be a veteran, bodyguard or the Changeling Queen.n
This pony seems a little shady to me, always sneaking around. Could be a Changeling drone, or just a reporter.
This one seems kind of an egghead, messing around with bits of paper and books. Might be a Spellcaster, or she might be the Changeling Forger.
Well, she's a real ball of fire! Looks that could kill, highly distracting. I reckon she's either a Party Pony or a Changeling Consort!
I got kind of uneasy when I saw the kind of blades and tools she was carrying around. Maybe she's our Nurse - 'cos if not, I just found Pinkamena.{
Got a real negative vibe off this pony. Kind of gloomy. Might be in the jailor trade, or just one of those miserable Mules.
This girl seems to like to hang on her own, wandering around town in the dead of night. Could be a Watchpony, or just a sad drunk.g
I'm going to have to tell ya - that happens to be my own incognito! Let's keep it on the down-low, huh?

Gumshoe reports /
 may be Veteran, Bodyguard or Changeling Queen.%
 may be Changeling Drone or Reporter.)
 may be Spellcaster or Changeling Forger.)
 may be Party Pony or Changeling Consort.
 may be Nurse or Pinkamena.
 may be Jailor or the Mule.$
 may be Watchpony or the Town Drunk.
 is her own identity.
However, the evidence about 
 didn't add up. I'm certain that somepony was trying to pull the wool over my eyes, and It's a safe bet that somepony was the Changeling Forger. She doesn't get to trick me as easy as that.
Gumshoe reports evidence that 
 was framed.
Well, let me tell you something. This pony has been framed, stiched up like a kipper by a dirty Changeling Forger. And I happen to know that because I AM that pony! They've sure got a lot of nerve!-
Hope this helps ya out, Boss. Catch ya Later.
 ~ Gumshoe ~6
So I got your orders and was preparing to investigate u
 like you said, but... well, the short version is I was a little held up and missed my chance. Real sorry about this.
Don't sweat it. We'll get 'em.
Gumshoe was role blocked.
Nurse ordered to protect 
Medical Report, Night 
My Captain,^
Further to the secret orders you gave me, I spent the night on call ready to save the life of 
 if required.s
I'm sorry to say I was detained unexpectedly, for reasons I would rather not discuss. I offer my sincere apologies.
Nurse was role blocked.7
However, I'm glad to say my services were not required.
Nurse reports no attacks on o
There was indeed an attack upon this pony by an unknown assailant, but fortunately I was able to save her life.$
Nurse reports she saved the life of 
 following an attack.
CgkIudeyh9YZEAIQHwK
Do not hesitate to call on me again if it means saving precious pony lives!
Yours faithfully,
The Town Nurse
Watchpony ordered to watch 	
's house.
WATCHPONY'S REPORT, NIGHT 
Dear Captain,
As ordered, I kept !
's house under close observation.#
Watchpony observed any visitors to 
The following ponies visted my target:
The following were seen: 
This pony visted my target:
One was seen. 
No ponies visited my target.
None were seen. 
Respectfully yours, 
The Watchpony#
As you know, I was ordered to keep 
 under close observation.k
However, due to an unforseen occurrence, I was unable to do my duty this night. Please accept my apologies.
Watchpony was role blocked. 
Party Pony ordered to entertain '
From the Desk of The Party Pony, Night 
!!!9
I was so excited to get your orders to throw a party for V
! We had a huge time! I stuffed her with cake and cider till dawn, then sent her home!
Whew! Some night!
Love, The Party Pony xoxo
Party Pony reports that 
 was successfully partied.[
I was thrilled you ordered a surprise party, but imagine MY surprise when I saw it was for 
! Because the super-silly thing is that meant I had to throw a party for MYSELF!! Woohoo! So I can confirm I did, and I had a great time and never left my sight all night!!
Best party EVER!!
Love, 
 xoxoxox$
Party Pony revealed her identity is 8
I was so looking forward to throwing a massive bash for m
 like you ordered, but I'm afraid some party-pooper kind of made it impossible for me to work that night! So +
 never got her party. Really really sorry!!
 SUPER sorry!!
Love n' hugs, The Party Pony xoxo
Party Pony was roleblocked.
Bodyguard ordered to guard 
BODYGUARD'S REPORT, NIGHT 
Nothing to report. Client 
 unharmed.
Over and out. Bodyguard.
Received Orders to guard w
. Unable to carry out, due to this being myself. My training does not cover self-defence, only how to protect a client.!
Bodyguard revealed herself to be @
. Unable to carry out due to unforseen circumstances. Apologies.
Bodyguard was role blocked.*


Veteran ordered to shoot anypony on sight.
VETERAN'S DEBRIEFING, NIGHT 
Sir:V
Kept my weapon locked and loaded and my eyes on the perimeter in case of enemy attack.&
No movement to report. No shots fired.!
Sir, end of report, Sir. Veteran.
Veteran reported no intruders.l
Sure enough, one shady character stepped onto my lawn. I opened fire and the shot was effective. Tango down.
Veteran shot one target.
Sure enough, one shady character stepped onto my lawn, quickly followed by another. I opened fire and eliminated the enemy. Mission a success.
Veteran shot two targets.w
Sure enough, several shady character stepped onto my lawn. I opened fire and dispatched every enemy in sight. Job done.
Veteran shot multiple targets.
CgkIudeyh9YZEAIQHg


Forger's Report, Night 3
As ordered, I attempted to frame the pony known as X
I regret that I failed to do so, as I had to spend the night in a filthy pony jail cell.
But I could not do so - '
 was locked in the town jail all night.
However, when I broke into her house it soon became clear that she was in fact - Pinkamena! I realised my life was forfeit if she were to catch me, and I ran before she should return!
Forgive me! I did not do so as a most alluring creature came to my house bearing cake and soda and she partied with me the whole night long...
This was successfully done.<
I can also report I found evidence that revealed her role - 
Your loyal servant, The Forger


Diary of a Consort, Night +
As is my duty, I was to change myself into "
's greatest desire and seduce her.b
Sadly I was unable to do this, as the town's jailor took me and held me in her cell for the night.
There was something unsettling about her... I looked into her mind to see her desire and you cannot imagine the horror I beheld in her broken, twist thoughts... she is Pinkamena, my Changelings! She is death to us all!N
However, it was impossible as my target was locked in the town jail all night.
Just as I was about to leave an amazing pony appeared at my cottage, bearing gifts and music... I was entranced... the party she brought took possession of my soul!
I did this superbly... I took her to new levels of ectasy she had never dreamed of, and all thoughts of duty were dashed from her mind..._
While in my embrace, she also let slip some interesting information... that she was the town's Y
And it was made all the sweeter when at the height of our passion, I cut her pony throat!
Always thine, The Consort
Drone's Report, Night 
My mission was clear. "
 had to die swiftly and painfully.h
I regret to report that my target was locked that night in the town jail and I was unable to get to her.^
Imagine my rage when the pathetic town pony jailor ruined everything! I'll make her pay later.
This delicious task was interrupted by some ridiculous painted pony who insisted I party with her all night. I did so, so as not to arouse suspicion.[
Although I left that miserable pony for dead, her life was saved by that cursed town Nurse!
But things turned bad - it turned out that this was none other than the alias of the evil Pinkamena! I was lucky to escape with my life!K
I'm happy to report that she now lies dead, and her love has been devoured.
Your very loyal Drone.
Queen's Journal, Night T
I cannot take the hunger, the craving for love is too powerful. I decided to attack n
I drained her dry and left her corpse in the street for the birds to peck at. So die all that would oppose me!5
I was jailed, jailed by that impudent, arrogant pony _
! I waited for my opportunity and then cut her down and drained her of every ounce of her love!6
Can you believe some loudmouthed poltroon pony called 
 tried to party with me? With ME? I could not contain my rage, and I pushed her face into her own cake and drowned her in frosting - then I drained her every cell of all the love she had! 
However, it was not to be - for 
 turned out to be none other than the infamous Pinkamena! Even my powers are unable to destroy her - she will ruin everything! I must make the town kill her for me!
But I was to be disappointed. She was hidden safely behind the jail walls. Curse that aggravating jailor, she will pay for this!
I cut her down in the night and drained her... only to later discover that the infuriating town nurse had saved her life! Curses!!
